Document process for getting write access to app repos (#226)
flathub-infra/documentation: docs/02-for-app-authors/06-maintenance.md

Flathub publishes download statistics for every app or runtime. The raw JSON files are available at [flathub.org/stats](https://flathub.org/stats/). These break out app downloads and updates. This is also the basis for the data shown on flathub.org, additionally there are some community members that generously provide frontends to interpret the data and make it more useful for app developers at [https://ahayzen.com/direct/flathub.html](https://ahayzen.com/direct/flathub.html) and [https://klausenbusk.github.io/flathub-stats/](https://klausenbusk.github.io/flathub-stats/)

## Maintainer access to Flathub application repository

This section applies to application repositories hosted in the [Flathub](https://github.com/flathub) organisation on GitHub.

The GitHub account [submitting](/docs/for-app-authors/submission#how-to-submit-an-app) the application to Flathub along with any upstream developers of the application

> (if mentioned by the submitter or at reviewer's discretion) will be given access to the application repositoryonce created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(if mentioned by the submitter or at reviewer's discretion) will be given access to the application repository once created.
```
